# Mini project :

Collab link : https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1Pek1NnTQo4ShEXnvVg1Tcv_Fi80fhelm?usp=sharing
Problem Statement: Loan Default Prediction

Findings:
Que 1: What is the number of people who will be given the grace period of exactly 15 Days? 
Output : 206 
Que 2: Find the maximum fine that can be levied by the bank in the period of 15 days.
Output: 11944.44
Que 3: Assuming that all the people falling in the category of the defaulters have not paid their EMI in the grace period, what is the total amount generated by the bank as a part of the fine?
Output: 34972758.9
Que 4:  Use a suitable plot to show the difference in the bank balance of those people who are not eligible for a grace period , and those who are.
Output: Using a proper plot I have clearly showed the difference where  this question Pink Dots are representing the people who are not eligible for grace and Red Dots are representing the people who are eligible for grace.
Que 5: Find the difference between the median of the bank balance of those people who are eligible for the grace period and the original value.
Output:1614.42
Que 6:  Use a suitable graph to show the changes in the annual income of those people who are eligible for grace period and those who are not.
Output: With the help of proper histogram I have clearly showed the changes in the anual income where  pink refers to the changes in the annual income of people who are not eligible for grace period and red for those who are eligible.

Conclusion:
This project helped be to understand and implement EDA on Different problem statements. I was completely new to this but the project and the sessions made sure that I get to learn the things in the best possible way.
